= librarything-api

This is a Ruby wrapper for the LibraryThing API.

== Accessing LibraryThing APIs
In order to use the LT Web Services API (and this library), you need to register for a developer key on librarything.com

* Sign into your LT account at http://www.librarything.com
* Go to http://www.librarything.com/services/keys.php and fill out the form to receive a developer key
* Documentation for the LT Web Services API can be found at http://www.librarything.com/services/webservices.php

== Using the Library
The gem uses HTTParty and Nokogiri for fetching and processing responses. Both of the gems must be installed.

    $ gem install httparty nokogiri

    $ irb -r rubygems
    require 'librarything'
    LibraryThing::DEVELOPER_KEY = 'abcdef0123456789abcdef'
    strange = LibraryThing::Work.get(:name => 'Jonathan Strange')
    strange['url']
    # "http://www.librarything.com/work/1060"

== To Do
* Improve code documentation

== Other LT APIs to Add

* Helpers for accessing LT JSON APIs (Books, Works) (No server-side fetching allowed.)
* Helper for generating LT Covers URLs
* See: http://www.librarything.com/wiki/index.php/LibraryThing_APIs

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jason Wadsworth. See LICENSE for details.
